# Looking for a game developer as partner
I am an inventor. 
I prototyped a game I invented called Qua (patent pending) using Jefferson County Public Library's 3D printer in Port Hadlock, WA.
You can see my project at: https://quagamer.itch.io/qua. I would like to offer this game online and need someone to do the implementation. I want it to be easy for each of three players to join a game, get instructions on how to play, rotate the game board in three dimensions to see where to move/block opponents and make a tentative or committed play. I am a retired information architect and can write clear specifications for the game rules and play strategies for game bots to follow so that one player can play the game against two computer bot opponents.
I would like a partner who has done this kind of thing before. However, if you want to work on this as your first online, three-player, PvP game development project, let me know and make a proposal--I wiil consider it. Whoever I partner with will set their own development & testing schedule, (itch.io) community feedback procedures, and will have major input on suplemental audio, video and graphical effects. If we do a kickstarter campaign,  the developer can set their own reward levels and pricing.
Regarding revenue sharing, it could be an agreed upon percentage (large) of everything listed for purchase on https://quagamer.itch.io/qua and all  kickstarter digital reward items up to a reasonably large $$ amount.  Project related expenses, if approved, will be reimbursed out of income received from qua game licensing/sales. 
Please email me at woodypid@msn.com if interested in becoming a partner. Please LMK how you would like to be paid. I am currently in debt and would consider a reasonable revenue sharing model. Please note I am actively seeking to license my game to a game manufacturer, at which point in time I would buy out your interest. My plan B is a kickstarter campaign. 
